November 3151
------------------------------------

Netherfield Commander's Log
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The mercenary unit under contract with the local government, Bennet's Badgers, appeared to not be completely inept during the pirate raid last month.
I have organized a series of trials between Expeditionary Star Alpha and these Badgers to truly measure their abilities.

As the facilities on Jorrdan Wais are limited, we shall hold these trials on empty ground outside of Netherfield.
The planetary militia has recently relocated to Meryton and their presence is not required at this time.


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Burg Bank has sent a representative to ask if we wanted to accept forgiveness of our debts in exchange for becoming the private security for the bank.
Absolutely unbelievable proposal, and this Richard Collins is a complete buffoon that doesn't know the first thing about 'Mechs.
I turned down his offer, naturally, but now we must make a good showing as these so called trials the Snow Ravens are hosting, or we risk loosing the contract with the planetary government.

Supervisor Wickham has a proposal for our contract that may be able to save our unit!
Unfortunately, his lance has been assigned on a long patrol and he won't be able to attend the trials or share more details of his plan until he returns.

I will find a way to save our unit!


Netherfield Trials
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Snow Ravens wish to trial with Bennet's Badgers to determine their combat readiness.
Conduct a series of 1v1 duels to see which group comes out on top.

Game Setup
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Combatants**

List all members of Bennet's Badgers and Expeditionary Star Alpha in order from highest BV to lowest.
Jane Bennet and Star Commander Charles Bingley may trial up to three times.
All other pairs of MechWarriors may only trial once.
Elizabeth Bennet and Star Captain Fitzwillian Darcy trial last, and they only trial if Bennet's Badgers have won at least half of the trials so far.

**Map**

Select 1 grasslands map.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Track who wins each trial.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Each trial completed (2 pts each)
* Each 'close' trial, the losing 'Mech has at most 1 more internal section (pip) damaged than the winning 'Mech (2 pts each)
* Elizabeth Bennet and Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy trial (3 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)

Special Rules
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Snow Raven characters will avoid physical attacks unless they are attacked first.
