February 3152
-----------------------------------------


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

While Jane has been visiting Mountain Wolf BattleMechs on Alpheratz, we've been conducting more joint patrols with the militia.
Pirates have not attacked since December, which has made our work thankfully dull.

Wickham was a bit of a braggart on our most recent patrol, so we're holding a friendly duel outside of town.
We will be using only our energy weapons, but in the low power training mode.
The first person to crit out their opponent wins!


Training Duel
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Elizabeth Bennet and Supervisor George Wickham face off in a friendly duel with only their energy weapons in a powered down mode, but Wickham has a trick up his sleeve to help him win.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Combatants**

Elizabeth Bennet and Supervisor George Wickham must be included in this scenario.
There are no other combatants in this scenario.

**Map**

Select 1 hilly desert map.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The first character to store three or more critical hits wins.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Score a critical hit (2 pts each, up to 3 per character)
* Supervisor Wickham cheats before scoring a critical hit (5 pts)
* Supervisor Wickham cheats after scoring at least one critical hit (10 pts)
* Supervisor Wickham wins (5 pts)
* Elizabeth Bennet wins (10 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Elizabeth Bennet can only use laser weapons.
For Alpha Strike, subtract 3 from damage in the short and medium range brackets and subtract 2 damage from the long range bracket to represent this loss of firepower.

Supervisor Wickham may cheat and start using his full set of weapons.
For Alpha Strike, subtract 1 from damage in the short and medium range brackets while he is not cheating.

As this is a battle with powered down laser weapons, no MechWarriors will die in this scenario unless Supervisor Wickham cheats and uses his non-laser weapons and kills Elizabeth Bennet.
