March 3152
-----------------------------------------


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Now that Jane has returned, I'm out visiting Charlotte Lucas, a friend of mine who decided to join the Burg Bank security forces.
While Collins's proposal to purchase the Badgers in whole for security was absurd, perhaps we can negotiate a contract offering security for the bank after our current contract with the Jordan Wais militia ends.
Knowing Darcy, that contract is far less secure than it used to be - the Snow Ravens would love to be rid of mercenaries augmenting their forces.

I am receiving reports of a pirate raid on Burg Bank.
Hopefully Charlotte and I can hold the forces while the rest of the bank security arrives.


Scenario - Bank Heist
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Elizabeth Bennet and security forces for the bank must intercept a convoy attempting to steal gold and drive off the pirate forces.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Defender**

Elizabeth Bennet must be included in this scenario.
Select any unit from `Mercenaries on the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=34&EraId=257>`_ for Charlotte Lucas.
Select as many additional units for bank security force reinforcements as desired, up to the total BV (PV) of Elizabeth Bennet and Charlotte Lucas.

**Attacker**

Select an equivalent BV (PV) of `Pirates from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=38&EraId=257>`_ to match the defender's force.
This force may have at most 1 heavy BattleMech and may contain combat vehicles.
The pirates have loaded the gold on 3 `Flatbed Truck (Armor) <http://masterunitlist.info/Unit/Details/1129/flatbed-truck-armor>`_.

**Map**

Select 1 urban map for every 4 units in the scenario, rounded up, with a minimum of 3 maps.
Coraines has 1,31 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for high gravity.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The bank security forces want to stop all gold trucks.

The pirate forces start anywhere on the middle map.
The gold trucks start at the center of the middle map.
Elizabeth Bennet and Charlotte Lucas start on any edge of the middle map.
The bank security forces start on any edge of one of the outer maps.
The pirate forces must escape off the far edge of the opposite map that the bank security forces start on.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Gold truck recovered (5 pts each)
* Pirate unit destroyed (3 pts each)
* Security unit lost (-2 pts each)
* Gold truck escapes (-5 pts each)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

If a bank security forces unit is in the same hex as a gold truck during the End Phase and has not fired any weapons during the turn, they may automatically disable the truck.
