August 3152
-----------------------------------------


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Clan Snow Raven has declared Bennet's Badgers a unit with 'known pirate connections' and revoked our eligibility for contract renewal.
Section Leader Forster contacted me this morning to let us know that he was able to bargain with Raven Alliance command to allow us to continue our current contract to competition, I imagine because the milia took heavy losses in the pirate raid, but that he was unable to secure an exception to hire us again due to Lydia being declared a member of a pirate band.

Given our location on the outskirts of Raven Alliance territory, it will be difficult for us to afford travel to an area with better job prospects.
This could be the end of Bennet's Badgers.


Netherfield Commander's Log
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I have located Lydia Bennet before the Snow Raven Watch was able to.
George Wickham deserted the Jordan Wais militia and joined a pirate gang that has been raiding the Raven Alliance in this region.
It appears that George Wickham had planned this recent raid which resulted in his lancemates all dying.

If I capture George Wickham, he will likely be executed for treason.
Given the evidence, Lydia Bennet will likely also be executed if another Snow Raven warrior finds her before I can challenge these two in battle.


Scenario - Bondsmen
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy has traced George Wickham, Lydia Bennet, and the pirates back to Halla.
The only way Star Captain Darcy can save Lydia Bennet from Outworlds and Snow Raven laws around pirates is to claim her as bondsman in combat.
Star Captain Darcy will claim George Wickham as a bondsman if possible, but his survival is not a priority.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Attacker**

George Wickham, and Lydia Benett must be included in this scenario.
George Wickham and Lydia deploy on one side of the mapsheet.

**Attacker**

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy must be included in this scenario.
Star Captain Darcy deploys on the opposite side of the mapsheet.

**Map**

Select 1 mapsheet with hills and trees.
Halla has thin atmosphere and 0,9 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for low gravity and thin atmosphere.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy wants to disable Lydia Benett's 'Mech and disable or destroy George Wickham's 'Mech.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* George Wickham's 'Mech disabled (5 pts)
* George Wickham's 'Mech destroyed (10 pts)
* Lydia Benett's 'Mech disabled (10 pts)
* Star Captain Fitzwillian Darcy or Lydia Benett dies (-3 pts each)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

None.
