October 3152
-----------------------------------------


Netherfield Transfer Orders
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: Loremaster Klaus Harper

To: Star Captain Charles Bingly

Date: 1 October 3152

You are hereby ordered to assume command of Netherfield Military Park.

Given the increased intensity of pirate raids in the region, Expeditionary Star Alpha is being assigned to augment the local militia and contracted mercenary forces, known as Bennet's Badgers.

Star Colonel Fitzwilliam Darcy has been reassigned.
Replacement forces will be assigned once available.

Watch intelligence indicates Jordan Wais will likely continue to be subject to increased pirate activity in coming months.


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Elizabeth is preparing for some special job.
I am excited to run Bennet's Badgers, but I must admit that I will miss my sister.

After the mess of pirate raids where Lydia was captured, the Snow Ravens are bolstering security here with a star.
Well, most of a star at least.
We will start combined patrols this month and start combat drills to ensure we can overwhelm future pirate raids.


Scenario - Combat Patrol
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The combined planetary forces interdict a pirate raid.

**Defender**

Jane Bennet and Star Captain Charles Bingly must be included in this scenario.
Other members of Bennet's Badgers, Expeditionary Star Alpha, and the Alliance Military Corps planetary militia unit may be included, and each side should have roughly equal BV.
Elizabeth Bennet, Lydia Bennet, and Star Colonel Fitzwilliam Darcy may not be included.

**Attacker**

Select an equivalent BV (PV) of `Pirates from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=38&EraId=257>`_ to match the defender's force.
This force has 1 heavy BattleMech and the rest of the force is combat vehicles.
The total number of pirate units may be at most double the number of friendly units.

**Map**

Select 1 hilly desert map.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Bennet's Badgers, Expeditionary Star Alpha, and the planetary militia want to drive off the pirates.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Each pirate unit destroyed (2 pts each)
* Each pirate vehicle immobilized (3 pts each)
* Pirate 'Mech destroyed (5 pts)
* Jane Bennet gets more kills than Star Captain Charles Bingly (5 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)
* Scale your Lore Points by the ratio (BV of Jane Bennet and Star Captain Charles Bingly) / (BV of defenders used in the scenario)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Pirate forces will withdraw once half of their units have been immobilized or destroyed.
