April 3152
-----------------------------------------


Bennet's Badgers Readiness Report
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: Loremaster Klaus Harper

To: Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy

Date: 1 April 3151

Per your recommendation in your report, we will advise Jordan Wais government officials not to continue their contract with Bennet's Badgers.
I recommend you encourage any promising members of the mercenary company to join the Alliance Military Corps.

Continue investigating the source of the increased pirate raids and stop these raiders.
At this time, we do not have additional forces to assign to this task.


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The absolute unmitigated gall!
First he says that despite his general loathing of any mercenaries and my family specifically, my combat skills were 'impressive considering your background', and then he went to far as to offer me a Trial of Position to join the Snow Ravens and his star.
After all of the lengthy reviews of the Badgers and getting in the way of our contract, I cannot believe that he would pull this and expect me to accept.

I can only be insulted so much, and I have challenged him to a so called Trial of Grievance.


Scenario - Honor Duel
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy has offered Elizabeth Bennet a Trial of Position to join the Snow Raven touman.
Elizabeth Bennet has in return rejected his request and demanded a Trial of Grievance from Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Combatants**

Elizabeth Bennet and Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy must be included in this scenario.
There are no other combatants in this scenario.

**Map**

Select 1 grasslands map.
Coraines has 1,31 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for high gravity.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The first character to store three or more critical hits wins.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Score a critical hit (2 pts each, up to 3 per character)
* Elizabeth Bennet uses a physical attack (3 pts)
* Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy wins (5 pts)
* Elizabeth Bennet wins (10 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy will not use physical attacks unless Elizabeth Bennet successfully makes a physical attack first.
