May 3152
-----------------------------------------


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We're all back under one roof, at least for now.
The militia are deploying a detachment under the command of Supervisor Wickham to the far side of the planet for extended exercises and have invited Lydia to travel with the force.
Considering Wickham's cheating in our duel, I have strongly recommended against this; however I have been overruled.

I will arrange a training exercise, with Wickham and Lydia working together, to at least judge their readiness for this.
I cannot stop this, but at least I can prepare Lydia with the best advice I can offer.


Training Exercise
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Elizabeth Bennet will judge the readiness of Supervisor George Wickham and Lydia Bennet for this deployment.
Both sides should try to execute a wide variety of attacks.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Combatants**

Elizabeth Bennet, Lydia Bennet, Supervisor George Wickham must be included in this scenario.
Additional junior Alliance Military Corps members may be added to each side as long as the BV stays even.

**Map**

Select 2 hilly desert maps.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The first character to store three or more critical hits wins.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Score a hit at each range (2 pts per range, up to 3 per character)
* Make a successful attack into each arc [left, right, front, and rear] (3 pts per arc per attacker)
* Make a successful physical attack (5 pts per type of attack, up to 3 per character)
* Scale your Lore Points by the ratio (BV of Elizabeth Bennet) / (BV of Elizabeth Bennet's team)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

As this is a battle with simulated munitions weapons, no MechWarriors will die in this scenario.
