June 3152
-----------------------------------------


Militia Commander's Log
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We have heard reports of renewed pirate activity.
I have sent Supervisor Wickham and a small detachment to the far side of the planet to investigate.
SSupervisor Wickham volunteered for this patrol - he may have future leadership potential and should receive further training.

A member of the local mercenary lance, Bennet's Badgers, is accompanying the patrol.
Bennet's Badgers have proven to be reliable forces in our previous pirate hunting patrols.


Scenario - Pirate Raid
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Supervisor George Wickham and Lydia Bennet are leading a militia patrol when pirates attack.
Unbeknownst to the Militia, Supervisor Wickham has orchestrated this attack to cover his desertion to join the pirates.
Supervisor George Wickham intends to let the pirates disable Lydia Bennet's 'Mech and take her with them as he leaves with the pirates.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Defender**

Lydia Bennet and Supervisor George Wickham must be included in this scenario.
Additional junior Alliance Military Corps members may be added to the scenario.

**Attacker**

Select double the BV (PV) of `Pirates from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=38&EraId=257>`_ to match the defender's force.
This force has 1 heavy BattleMech and the rest of the force is light 'Mechs and combat vehicles.
The total number of pirate units may be at most triple the number of friendly units.

**Map**

Select 1 hilly desert maps for every 4 units in the scenario, rounded up.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The first character to store three or more critical hits wins.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Each militia unit destroyed (3 per unit)
* Cripple Lydia Bennet's 'Mech (3 pts per internal section destroyed)
* Supervisor Wickham destroys a pirate unit (-3 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)
* Scale your Lore Points by the ratio (BV of Lydia Bennet and Supervisor George Wickham) / (BV of total militia force)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Pirate forces will make a single token attack against Supervisor Wickham each round until all of the junior Alliance Military Corps members are dead.
Supervisor Wickham will make a single token attack against pirate units and multiple feinting attacks.
