July 3152
-----------------------------------------


Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Luck for Bennet's Badgers is finally turning around.
My friend, Charlotte Lucas at Burg Bank, invited me to a meeting of various mercenary forces augmenting planetary militia in the Raven Alliance, sponsored by Mountain Wolf BattleMechs.
This promises to help secure future funding for our continued support of the Jordan Wais militia.

Star Captain Darcy is the Raven Alliance military liaison for the meeting, and I must admit that I am surprised at how civil he is being.
I have been invited to participate a Snow Raven training exercise simulating urban combat.
Hopefully a good showing in this exercise will help secure funding.


Live Fire
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy has invited Elizabeth Bennet to participate in a live fire training exercise in a simulated city complex.
This move is highly unusual and a big honor.
The defending star must drive off the attacking star to win.


Game Setup
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Defender**

Elizabeth Bennet and Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy must be included in this scenario.
Up to three additional 'Mechs may be added to the defender's force from the `Raven Alliance from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=39&EraId=257>`_.
The defenders deploy anywhere on a single city mapsheet.

**Attacker**

Select the same amount BV (PV) of `Raven Alliance from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=39&EraId=257>`_ to match the defender's force.
This force should consist of the same number of 'Mechs as the defender's force.
The attackers deploy along any single external edge of any mapsheet.

**Map**

Select 1 city maps for every 4 units in the scenario, rounded up.
Alpheratz has standard atmosphere and 1,0 g.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Units must exit the battlefield when under Forced Withdrawal conditions.
The side that has the last 'Mech on the field wins.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Each attacker in Forced Withdrawal (3 per unit)
* Each defender in Forced Withdrawal (-1 per unit)
* Defenders win (10 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)
* Scale your Lore Points by the ratio (BV of Elizabeth Bennet and Star Captain Fitzwillian darcy) / (BV of total defender force)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

At the end of the second turn, Star Captain Fitzwilliam Darcy receives a message and immediately leaves the battlefield via the most direct route to a board edge.
