November 3152
-----------------------------------------


Snow Raven Watch Transfer Orders
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From: Loremaster Klaus Harper

To: Star Colonel Fitzwilliam Darcy

Date: 1 November 3152

You are hereby transferred to the Snow Raven Watch.

Given the increased intensity of pirate raids in the region, the Snow Raven Watch is accelerating plans to explore the Outworlds Wastes to locate and destroy pirate forces.

You will have one Broadsword and jumpship at your disposal, and an R-team has been placed under your command.
You may requisition or hire additional forces as long as the security of Jordan Wais is not compromised.
Prepare your expeditionary team for immanent departure orders.


Former Executive Officer's Log, Bennet's Badgers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Fitzwilliam has subcontracted Bennet's Badgers, and me specifically for some special mission.
Its secret enough that he won't tell me the details until we meet in person.

He's prepared a special training mission and is supposed to tell me what's up then.


Scenario - R-Team
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The expeditionary team is conducting exercises while a pirate raid develops.

**Defender**

Elizabeth Bennet and Star Colonel Fitzwilliam Darcy must be included in this scenario.
Lydia Bennet, two points of standard Elementals, and a heavy BattleMech recovery vehicle are also included.

**Attacker**

Select an equivalent BV (PV) of `Pirates from the Master Unit List <http://masterunitlist.info/Era/FactionEraDetails?FactionId=38&EraId=257>`_ to match the defender's force.
This force has 1 heavy BattleMech and the rest of the force is light BattleMechs.
The total number of pirate units may be at most double the number of friendly units.

**Map**

Select 1 hilly desert map.
Jordan Wais has thin atmosphere and 1,14 g.
Use the rules from *BattleTech: Tactical Operations Advanced Rules* for these conditions.

Objectives
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The R-team can practice recovery during live fire.
The team should disable/destroy and recover the heavy BattleMech by safely escorting the BattleMech recovery vehicle to the location where the heavy BattleMech was disabled.

Score Lore Points for the following accomplishments

* Each pirate unit destroyed (2 pts each)
* Pirate heavy 'Mech disabled/destroyed (3 pts)
* Pirate heavy 'Mech recovered (5 pts)
* Elizabeth Bennet gets more kills than Star Colonel Fitzwilliam Darcy (5 pts)
* Named character dies (-3 pts)

Special Rules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Pirate forces will withdraw once half of their units have been immobilized or destroyed.
